Primary script codes
===========

Dialog text in the game can use special formatting codes to influence timing and position of text.
There are some codes available which were never used in the original text.

### [END] / [FF 00]

Ends a dialog message.  Automatically added by the inserter at the end of each message if omitted.

### [WAIT] / [FF 01]

Wait for a button press, clear the dialog box, and keep going.

### [CONTINUE] / [FF 02]

Original Tomato tool had [NEWWIN].  This simply waits for a button press and continues on the next
line.

### [PAUSEBREAK XX] / [FF 03 XX]

Delays for a period of time based on the hex value XX (00 - FF), then continues on the next line.

### [CLEAR] / [FF 04]

Clears the dialog box and continues text.

### [BREAK] / [FF 05]

Starts a new line.  Without this, text just continues on the same line.  It does not wrap by word.

### [TICKEROFF] / [FF 06]

Turns the teletype ticker off.  This makes the following text show immediately.

### [FF 10 XX]

No-operation.  Does nothing.

### [PAUSE XX] / [FF 11 XX]

Like PAUSEBREAK, but without the BREAK.  Delays and continues on the same line.

### [SETPAUSE] / [FF 12]

Equivalent to [PAUSE 0F].  Delays for a little and continues on the same line.

### [PAD_H XX] / [FF 18 XX]

Move the x position of the text forward by XX pixels.  Not normally used in the game.

### [PAD_V XX] / [FF 19 XX]

Move the x position of the text down by XX pixels.  Not normally used in the game.

### [FF 1A XX]

Not currently known.  Sets a flag and appears related to sound effects.

### [FF 1B]

Not currently known.  Turns off the flag set by [FF 1A XX].

### [SIZE_WIDE] / [FF 1C]

Draws the following text at double width.

### [SIZE_TALL] / [FF 1D]

Draws the following text at double height.

### [SIZE_BIG] / [FF 1E]

Draws the following text at double width and height.

### [SIZE_NORMAL] / [FF 1F]

Resets size to normal width and height.

### [FF 20]

Not currently known.  Sets a flag.  Doesn't seem to do anything.

### [FF 21]

Not currently known.  Clears the flag set by [FF 20].

### [FF 22 XX]

Not currently known.  Remembers the XX value.

### [FF 23 XX]

Clears the value set by [FF 22 XX].

### [CENTER_H]  / [FF 24]

Horizontally centers text in the dialog box.

### [CENTER_V] / [FF 25]

Vertically centers text in the dialog box.

### [CENTER_HV] / [FF 26]

Center vertially and horizontally inside the dialog box.

### [TIME] / [FF 27]

Display the time spent playing the game, as in 01:23:45.

### [COLOR_OFF] / [FF 30]

Set the color to slightly off white, the normal dialog color.

### [COLOR_ON] / [FF 32]

Sets the color to red.

### [FF 39]

Sets the color to red.  This may have originally been intended to set gray or another color.

### [SIMPLEWAIT] / [FF 40]

Like [WAIT] and [CONTINUE] but keeps going on the same line without clearing.

### [MENU1] / [FF 41]

Specifies that the text which follows is for the first option in an upcoming selection.

### [MENU2] / [FF 42]

Specifies that the text which follows is for the second option in an upcoming selection.

You will almost always want some space before this.

### [MENU_END] / [FF 43]

Triggers the choice between MENU1 and MENU2.  Always shown on the second line, [BREAK] or not.

### [NUMBER] / [FF 80]

Shows a number generated by the scripting engine / game code.  This could be a Pacifier count,
money obtained, price for something (like an inn), or a score on a minigame, etc.

### [NAME1] / [FF 81]

The main character's name.

### [NAME2] / [FF 82]

The second character's name.

### [NAME3] / [FF 83]

The third character's name.

### [NAME4] / [FF 84]

The fourth character's name.

### [ITEM] / [FF 85]

An item, Gimmick, or clothing name.  May include a count, i.e. "2x Fruit".
